PZ-4166 Add PayPal Express Checkout Button guide (#733)
mollie/api-documentation: source/orders/paypal-express-checkout-button.rst

Integrating PayPal Express Checkout button
==========================================

> The PayPal Express Checkout button gives your consumers another way to pay, and it complements your

Reviewer: "your customers", "consumers" or "shoppers". Not "your consumers"

existing PayPal payment flow. It will provide an one-click solution without the need for asking the

> billing and shipping addresses. This allows you to place the button on any page in your webshop, like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
billing and shipping address. This allows you to place the button on any page in your webshop, like
```

the product page.

The button
----------
We recommend you to use the button we provide in the `Mollie Resources <https://www.mollie.com/en/resources>`_

> pack. This button is familiar for the consumer and improves the conversion. Of course its also possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pack. This button is familiar for the consumer and improves the conversion. Of course it's also possible
```

to design and use your own button.

Account requirements
--------------------
The button can be used when your account is fully setup at PayPal and Mollie. Make sure that your
account is a `PayPal Business account <https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/referral/paypal-business-account2>`_
and that you linked your PayPal-account to Mollie as described in our
`help center article <https://help.mollie.com/hc/en-us/articles/213856625>`_.

> Integration steps for the Orders API

Reviewer: I would leave out "for the Orders API" since it is now looking that there are more possibilities to integrate

Author: Good one

------------------------------------

> Using the button with the Orders API is simple, you can use your existing integration with only

Reviewer: I would start with the sentence that it's possible to use it via the Orders API

some small tweaks. You can use the following steps as a guideline for the basic integration:

#. Place the button on the intended page, like a product page.

> #. Your website :doc:`creates an order </reference/v2/orders-api/create-order>` via the Orders API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Your website :doc:`creates an order </reference/v2/orders-api/create-order>` via the Orders API after the shopper clicks the button.
```

>    Make sure you set the method to ``paypal`` so that the ``billingAdress`` field is not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Make sure you set the method to ``paypal`` so that the ``billingAddress`` field will not be required anymore.
```

   .. warning:: The ``billingAddress`` stays required for every other method. If you set another

>                 method, or not method at all, your request will result in an HTTP status code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                method, or no method at all, your request will result in a HTTP status code
```

                ``422 Unprocessable Entity``.

> #. Redirect your consumer to the ``checkout`` URL which you can find in the response of the Create Order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Redirect the shopper to the ``checkout`` URL which you can find in the response of the Create Order
```

>    API. He or she will select the address where the product(s) needs to be send to and completes the

Reviewer: Wouldn't use "he or she" now these days.

   payment.

#. Mollie will receive the address from PayPal and adds it to the order. The consumer will be redirected

>    back to your website while we call your webhook to inform you about the latest order state.

Reviewer: Only if they supplied a `webhookUrl`

> #. You can get the shipping address by calling the :doc:`Get order API </reference/v2/orders-api/get-order>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. You can retrieve the shipping address by calling the :doc:`Get order API </reference/v2/orders-api/get-order>`
```

pack. This button is familiar for the consumer and improves the conversion. Of course it's also possible
to design and use your own button.

Account requirements
--------------------
The button can be used when your account is fully setup at PayPal and Mollie. Make sure that your
account is a `PayPal Business account <https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/referral/paypal-business-account2>`_
and that you linked your PayPal-account to Mollie as described in our
`help center article <https://help.mollie.com/hc/en-us/articles/213856625>`_.

Integration steps
-----------------
Using the button requires the Orders API. You can use your existing integration with the Orders API with only
some small tweaks. You can use the following steps as a guideline for the basic integration:

#. Place the button on the intended page, like a product page.

#. Your website :doc:`creates an order </reference/v2/orders-api/create-order>` via the Orders API after the consumer
   clicks the button. Make sure you set method to ``paypal`` so that the ``billingAddress`` field will not be required
   anymore.

   .. warning:: The ``billingAddress`` stays required for every other method. If you set another

>                 method, or no method at all, your request will result in an HTTP status code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                method, or no method at all, your request will result in a HTTP status code
```
